h1. ColdFusion powered Sencha Apps from SenchaCon 2011

These code examples are from my talk at SenchaCon 2011.  There are 7 examples.
* Standard Form - Demo – posting data to a cfm page
* AJAX form - Demo – posting to data to cfm page via AJAX
* DataGrid - Demo – use data model and store to populate datagrid
* CFQueryReader - Steve Cutter Blade’s client side query reader to parse Cfquery on the client
* DataGrid and Add Form - Demo – add new record and refresh datagrid
* DataGrid and Add/Edit Form - Demo – populate datagrid, select item and update record and refresh datagrid
* Sencha Touch List/Store/Model - Demo – list, add and update records


h2. Installation

You'll want to install the files in your webroot where ColdFusion 9 is running.  And you'll need to create
a datasource in the ColdFusion Administrator called "SenchaCon".

The ORM feature will create the tables and you can load example 4, add a few contacts and then play with examples 3 - 7.


h2. Code Contributions

Copyright 2011 Sidney maestre

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
